# FastZIP Scheme

This folder contains the three Jupyter notebooks that comprise the core functionality of the FastZIP zero-interaction pairing scheme from the paper "FastZIP: Faster and More Secure Zero-Interaction Pairing", by Mikhail Fomichev, Julia Hesse, Lars Almon, Timm Lippert, Jun Han, Matthias Hollick, in Proceedings of the 19th Annual International Conference on Mobile Systems, Applications, and Services (MobiSys '21).

## Getting Started

The three [Jupyter Notebooks](https://jupyter.org/) below are used to generate results in the folder "[fastzip-results](https://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4911390)" from the raw data contained in the folder "[fasztip-data](https://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4906396)". Individual notebooks contain comments on their functionality/how to use them:

* *FastZIP-Resample.ipynb* 
  * Resamples the collected sensor data to desired sampling rates (eliminates the effect of sampling rate instability/drift).
  * Input: "fastzip-data/exp-X/raw".
  * Output: "fastzip-data/exp-X/adv" and "fastzip-data/exp-X/non-adv".
* *FastZIP-Process.ipynb*
  * Computes error rates for adversarial and benign devices in different configurations, generates binary fingerprints (see comments inside the notebook).
  * Input: "fastzip-data/exp-X/adv" and "fastzip-data/exp-X/non-adv".
  * Output:  "fastzip-results/main/logs" and "fastzip-results/main/fps".
* *FastZIP-Results.ipynb*
  * Parses and caches results generated by the *FastZIP-Process.ipynb* notebook to be used for plotting and data analysis.
  * Input: "fastzip-results/main/logs" and "fastzip-results/main/fps".
  * Output: "fastzip-results/main/cache".
* The system paths that are used by all notebooks are set in "Scheme/const/globconst.py" --> **adjust them** before running the code!

The above notebooks were run using Python 3.6.5 on Ubuntu 18.04.5 LTS bionic (x64). The list of python packages with versions installed on the test machine is in "python3-packages.txt".


## Author

Mikhail Fomichev


## License

The code is licensed under the GNU GPLv3 - see [LICENSE](https://github.com/seemoo-lab/fastzip/blob/main/LICENSE) for details.
